Dimension: 8
query file: input/query1000Image.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 1000
Range: 0
Search Amount: 1000
Average touched times per search: 15.768
Average results found per search: 1.006
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/query2000Image.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 2000
Range: 0
Search Amount: 2000
Average touched times per search: 35.1455
Average results found per search: 1.014
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/query3000Image.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 3000
Range: 0
Search Amount: 3000
Average touched times per search: 40.3433
Average results found per search: 1.01867
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/query4000Image.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 4000
Range: 0
Search Amount: 4000
Average touched times per search: 50.4063
Average results found per search: 1.014
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/query5000Image.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5000
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5000
Average touched times per search: 59.9268
Average results found per search: 1.0116
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 65.1894
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

