Dimension: 4
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_4dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 37.6408
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 5
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_5dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 52.752
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 6
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_6dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 64.0189
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 7
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_7dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 76.5715
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 65.1894
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 9
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_9dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 83.9888
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 10
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_10dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 83.5526
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 11
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_11dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 81.8633
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 12
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_12dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 74.1017
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 13
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_13dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 87.0214
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 14
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_14dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 80.424
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 15
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_15dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 79.2099
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 16
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_16dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 85.6332
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

