Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 50.1331
Average results found per search: 1
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 3000
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 105.019
Average results found per search: 1.22947
Average same kind rate per search: 0.895065

Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 4000
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 129.065
Average results found per search: 2.28345
Average same kind rate per search: 0.69054

Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 5000
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 155.617
Average results found per search: 5.79102
Average same kind rate per search: 0.522003

Dimension: 8
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_8dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 6000
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 184.454
Average results found per search: 14.1089
Average same kind rate per search: 0.404775

