Dimension: 9
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/color_feature.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 28.8748
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 9
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_9dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 83.9888
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 9
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/hsv_component.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 35.5949
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 9
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/graySingular9dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 15.5619
Average results found per search: 1.01105
Average same kind rate per search: 1

----------------------------------------------------

Dimension: 16
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/gray_hist_16dim.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 85.6332
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1

Dimension: 16
query file: input/queryAllImage.txt
feature file: input/graySingular.txt
data amount: 5613
Range: 0
Search Amount: 5613
Average touched times per search: 21.7185
Average results found per search: 1.01069
Average same kind rate per search: 1


